index.md, before:

---
title: Sup
feature_text: |
  ## Liam Jennings
  Computer Science and Robotics guy
feature_image: "https://picsum.photos/1300/400?image=989"
excerpt: 
---

If you're here for the Machine Learning Project my group did for CS539 at WPI, click [here](https://ldjennings.github.io/CS539FinalProject). My group used this url before I decided to make it into my website. I'll get around to updating Professor Kyumin Lee at some point. 

commit .5

<!-- I'm Liam Jennings, welcome to my portfolio site. I'm a guy who knows some stuff about computer science and robotics, and likes use that knowy stuff to make cool things. Please pay me to do this.



I'm a software engineer from Seattle. I've always enjoyed problem solving, and software engineering was a natural extension to that. After trying it, I started learning robotics so I could solve physical problems. Since then, I've delved into robotic controls and machine learning through classes at Worcester Polytechnic Institute. I also dabble a bit with cyber security.

I love to read in my spare time, and hate myself while hiking. Cooking is fun too!

I recently interned at STR, where I worked on a cyber security project involving .NET programs. 

My primary goal is to build cool robots with the intelligence required to solve real world problems.  -->

Commit message:

Workinggit add . -v! Changed around some stuff now that lee knows

index.md, after:

---
title: Sup
feature_text: |
  ## Liam Jennings
  Computer Science and Robotics guy
feature_image: "https://picsum.photos/1300/400?image=989"
excerpt: 
---


I'm Liam Jennings, welcome to my portfolio site. I'm a software engineer student from Seattle. I'm currently working on a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science and a Master's in Robotics Engineering at Worcester Polytechnic Institute.

I've always enjoyed problem solving, and software engineering was a natural extension to that. After trying it, I started learning robotics so I could solve physical problems. Since then, I've delved into robotic controls and deep learning through classes at my college. I also dabble a bit with cyber security.

I love to read in my spare time, and hate myself while hiking. Cooking is fun too!

I recently interned at STR, where I worked on a cyber security project involving .NET programs. 

My primary goal is to build cool robots with the intelligence and dexterity required to solve real world problems. I'd also really like it if these robots were in space.
